gh-103636: add enums for days and months in calendar module (#103642)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-04-21-10-25-39.gh-issue-103636.YK6NEa.rst

> Added Enum for Month and Weekday in the calendar module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added enum for months and days in the calendar module.
```
